Waggle, a startup that makes smart devices for pets. Recently, Waggle has been thrilled by the success of their new Lapdog device, a fitness collar that lets owners track their dog’s steps, alerts them when it’s time for a walk, and even repels fleas! Reviews have been fantastic, sales are growing, and—best of all—the product really works!

This success has led Waggle’s CEO to push for a feline version but there are concerns about its viability. For this reason, the product team distributed 1,000 Lapcat prototypes for field testing. Now, after months of data collection, I'm tasked with delivering a boardroom-ready Power BI report that tells the story of how the Lapcat data compares to findings from the dog collar Lapdog devices. Work is to be presented at the highest levels of the company and will either help convince the CEO that Lapcat is the next big thing or a costly mistake to be avoided.


Business Requests:

The CEO is curious about the following questions:
Did the average daily steps increase for cats wearing the device as they did for dogs?
Were owners of Lapcat devices as satisfied with the product as Lapdog owners?
The Chief Marketing Officer would like the report to be “on-brand” by including only colors from the Waggle color palette, the Waggle logo, and other approved company logos and icons.
The product team requests also to incorporate other visuals and insights as I see fit but is most interested in demographic comparisons between the dogs and cats using Waggle devices as well as any information about the families who own the pets. They would also like slicers to help them filter and explore on their own.


A data model has already been provided within in the Power BI file, as well as a variety of Waggle marketing images and branding guidelines. The report should demonstrate best practices in clean layout design and color use, utilizing at least 7 different Power BI visualizations, including buttons for navigation between pages and/or bookmarks, and satisfy the business requests stated above.